release: v1.43.0 (#4821)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_format_response_index_map_with_capacity.md

> ### use Object::with_capacity with selection set len in format_response ([PR #4775](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4775))
> 
> This preallocates output object size in response formatting, bringing a small performance improvement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preallocate response formatting output ([PR #4775](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/4775))

To improve runtime performance, the router now preallocates its response formatting's output object. 
```
